it's August so if you're going to be a
high school freshman this upcoming
school year you're probably getting
scared there's going to be someone who
will assure you that these are going to
be the greatest four years of your life
and you're going to have people say that
if you just grin and bear it you can
make it through unscathed really high
school is different for everybody but
the best years of your life it probably
won't be now freshmen I'm four years
older than you are and therefore i'm
full of infinite wisdom so before your
principal gives you a first day of
school lecture I'm going to set it
straight and I'm going to tell it like
it is here are some things you need to
know before you start high school don't
try to be popular unless popular means
smart and kind and genuine if popular
means rich or ditzy don't bother because
those are not things worthy of faking
High School is only as fun as you are
rebellious I'm not telling you you have
to break all the rules and I'm not
telling you to be mean to everybody
because you don't like their social
group what I'm saying is that instead of
trying to dress a certain way or act a
certain way just be a different person I
know you're sick of being told to be
yourself because what does that mean but
honestly if everyone else is wearing
abercrombie and you can't afford it or
you feel like dressing from a thrift
store do that instead people who like
you are going to like you no matter what
you're wearing do not convince yourself
you're too cool for anybody who cares if
you're an athlete congratulations your
best friend could be in some kind of
nerdy club and same goes for you nerds I
know we get full of ourselves but really
maybe one of those cheerleaders could be
a really cool person who likes books
just as much as you do if possible look
at your class schedule before school
starts so you don't have to stand in the
middle the hallway staring at it respect
the seniors but don't date them things
like eating a packed lunch from your
mommy are not embarrassing things like
eating a side salad with no dressing
instead of pizza our cafeteria should
not be that big of a worry if you're
going to wear a backpack don't have it
riding up so high that it touches your
head when you lean back you look like an
idiot don't go out of your way to get in
trouble but if something is a bunch of
crap speak up and most importantly no
matter how many veterans like me and
Jessica Darling complain about it don't
start high school with the attitude
thinking
that it's going to be absolutely
terrible maybe we'll be one of the few
who has a time of your life and if
you're not psychosomatic pain is
possible so if you tell yourself you're
having fun maybe you'll have more fun
stand strong freshman I know it sucks
but you're going to be awesome
you